So this has been the fat arrow function I was really stressing this because it is a key addition in
E-6 now for options.
Also got some additional new tricks.
And what I'm showing you now applies to both the traditional functions with the function keyword as
well as Fed arrow functions.
But since it's a bit nicer to read I'll stick to the traditional functions with the function keyword
here.
If I have my function is equal to here for example and this function expects a number as a number to
compare to and then let's say it returns if number is equal to compare.
Then I of course can't call this function and log the result like this is equal to and then maybe 10
and 10.
If I now had run unsurprisingly I get true.
However with iOS 6 we can assign default values to arguments.
For example I could give comparer a default value of zero.
So if I now call this function with only one argument 10 what do you think I'll get.
Well I guess forwards because now I am now trying to compare 10 which I'm passing number to compare
which I don't pass but which is set to Ciro by default.
If I change default to 10 and I had run again I of course get true again.
So this are default values.
Now I can also assign the default value to number and no I can call this function without any arguments
at all and I still get true.
Now what happens if I do this.
I'd set number to be a default of 10.
But compare doesn't get a default value.
And now I call this function with 10 what do you think will happen.
I had run I get false and the reason for this is I'm still setting number to 10 because I'm only passing
one argument and this will set the first argument and I can prove this pi logging number and then also
logging compare and I will said is the argument here 211 to be different or to be not equal to this
default value.
So for now I run.
What do you think we'll get when we get 11.
That's what I pass for number.
Then we get undefined because we're not set in compare.
I'm not passing and I'm not setting a default value.
And then of course I get false because 11 is not equal to compare or to undefined.
So that's important to understand Chalis will not pick the values which don't have a default value or
the arguments which don't have a default value to assign the values you are passing.
It's still keeping the ordering and if you pass one argument to a function with two arguments while
then only the first argument will get set.
That doesn't change.
It does allow you to skip the other arguments if you only want to set the first one that does work but
not the other way around.
So if I now had run we of course get 11 that's what we pass for number and then 10 which just default
for Cp. either.
We may not only do this we may also do some calculations here like 10 divided by 2 for example.
And if you add right now we see that there's 5.
How much sets that ever may make.
But it's possible but an interesting thing is you can also use the other arguments like this number
.
So now I'm saying compare equal to number.
And what do you therefore expect to have.
I had run a get 11 the Lebanon of course.
True because I'm always setting compare equal to number if no distinct value is provided.
If I do provide a separate value for comparer and now I get run.
Well we see we're still overwriting this.
It's just the default value and we are able to assign a different a or another argument as our default
value.
We may also assign some kind of variable we have outside of this.
Let's say we have a which is 100.
And I do this what you think will happen if I now run.
Well now compare is 100.
So we may use our variables from outside of this function as well.
Now with that being said what do you think will happen if I do this.
I said compared to 10 and the set number to be equal to compare and then I'm calling this function without
any arguments.
What do you think we'll see.
Will we see true.
Because all is 10.
We get an error that compair is not defined.
And the reason for this is you can't think of this function argument list here as well.
Just some lines of code only wrapped in one line of code and what we're trying to do here is we're trying
to use a variable comparer before it's being set here.
So this does not work we can't set something equal to something which doesn't exist yet.
Ask compare will only be created in the second step and the second argument.
So this does not work.
But the other way around does.
Because if we now said compare equal to number number has already been defined before and therefore
if we run this we get true and both values are 10 of course.
So there are default values at work and of course the great benefit of default values are added.
You can write more dynamic functions which might work in well different circumstances which don't necessarily
need for example for the parameters to be passed to them.
That might work with one and the other two are set by default and so on.
And you can really play around with that and try out where it works for you which you can pass and how
all of that fits together Gabbert but together with aero functions the default values are really a big
addition to charmless good functions and certainly helpful in your day to day coding.